v5.14.11 (#39153)
mui/material-ui: CHANGELOG.md

# [Versions](https://mui.com/versions/)

## 5.14.11

<!-- generated comparing v5.14.10..master -->

_Sep 25, 2023_

A big thanks to the 17 contributors who made this release possible.
This release was mostly about 🐛 bug fixes and 📚 documentation improvements.

### `@mui/material@5.14.11`

- [Autocomplete] Re-export `AutocompleteValue` to make it available from path import (#38638) @vadimka123
- [Select] Missing aria-multiselectable attribute on multiple Select component (#38855) @gitstart

> - [Skeleton] Add new props to the Skeleton component (#38483) @gitstart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Skeleton] Add `shape` and `size` props to the Skeleton component (#38483) @gitstart
```

We should have been more specific in the PR title.

> - [Skeleton] Add `shape` and `size` props to the Skeleton component (#38483) @gitstart

Reviewer 2: Reverted, so let's remove it 😊 

```suggestion
```

### `@mui/base@5.0.0-beta.17`

> - [NumberInput] Support adornments (#38900) @anle9650

Reviewer: Nice to see external contribution :)

# [Versions](https://mui.com/versions/)

## 5.14.11

<!-- generated comparing v5.14.10..master -->
_Sep 25, 2023_

A big thanks to the 17 contributors who made this release possible.
This release was mostly about 🐛 bug fixes and 📚 documentation improvements.

### `@mui/material@5.14.11`

- [Autocomplete] Re-export `AutocompleteValue` to make it available from path import (#38638) @vadimka123
- [Select] Missing aria-multiselectable attribute on multiple Select component (#38855) @gitstart
- [Skeleton] Add new props to the Skeleton component (#38483) @gitstart

### `@mui/base@5.0.0-beta.17`

- [NumberInput] Support adornments (#38900) @anle9650
- [Menu] Align external props handling for useMenu/MenuButton/MenuItem (#38946) @mj12albert
- [Select] Align external props handling (#39038) @mj12albert
- [TextareaAutosize] Simplify logic and add test (#38728) @oliviertassinari

### `@mui/material-next@6.0.0-alpha.103`

- [FormControl] Copy v5 FormControl (#39039) @mj12albert

### `@mui/lab@5.0.0-alpha.146`

- [TreeView] Fix JSDoc comments in TreeView and TreeItem  (#38874) @jergason

> ### Docs

Reviewer 3: Sort of similar to what we're doing with the Core section, should we discriminate for which product these documentation-related improvements are for? Some of them are general doc changes (e.g., "Improve the default theme viewer design"), while others are Joy UI-focused (e.g., "Refine the Sign in template", "Revise the Drawer page", etc.), and so on.

Reviewer: @DiegoAndai is working on a proposal for the rules that should apply on the changelog. Until we decide on it, we can keep it as is I think.

Author: I don't know. Would you find it useful? TBH I don't think including doc-related PRs in the changelog brings value to developers. In my opinion, it would be sufficient to include only the changes in packages.

Reviewer 3: I think it's at least sweet to signal that there are constant and frequent documentation improvements; it's a crucial part of the developer experience. But, cool, I'm down to hold changes until the proposal is sorted. 🤙
